WHAT IS CLOUDWATCH :-
amazon cloudwatch is a monitoring service to monitor your AWS resources. as well as
the application that you run on AWS cloudwatch can monitor like.
1. compute 
   a) EC2 instances
   b) auto scaling group 
   c) elastic load balancer 
   d) routeS3 health checks

2. storage & contents delivery 
    a) EBS volumes
    b) storage gateways
    c) cloudfront 


3. host level matrics consist of.
    a) CPU
    b) network 
    c) Disk 
    d) status check
    


WHAT IS AWS CLOUDTRAIL ?
AWS cloudtrail increases visibility into your user and resources activity by recording 
AWS managment console actions and API calls. you can identify which users and 
accounts called AWS. the sources IP address from which the calls were made, and 
when the calls occured.



DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CLOUDWATCH AND CLOUDTRAIL ?
cloudwatch monitor performance  ( it give info about hardware usage)
cloudtrail monitors API calls in the AWS platform.  ( it gives info about which activity
 perform by which user.) 


CLOUDWATCH PRACTICAL STEPS :- 

1) cloudwatch 
2) select service (EC2)
3) launch instance ( enable the cloudwatch instance during launch the instance. this
   part is available in configure instances.)  for monitoring.
4) select instance and click monitoring ( there is available the utilization)
    to create alert. :-
 5) alarm 
6) in alarm
7) create alarm
8) select matric 
9) treashold value in %
10) create new topic give name
11) enter email ID
12) create existing topic for for senf mail id
13) view  SNS console ( if there is status is pending confirmation then that confirmsation
send to your mail id you need to confirm from your maill  for send alert to your mail
14)  go to cloudwatch and click next
15) give alarm name 
16) create alarm
17 ) go to instances and click monitoring
18) on instance and run cript for load and it will give massage on mail to you

script to create load in instance :- while true: do echo: done

